Index.html

First writing:
Iceland is a country of sharp contrasts. A place where fire and ice co-exist. Where dark winters are offset by the summer's midnight sun. A country where insular existence has spurred a rich and vibrant culture.

Second writing:
The Aurora Borealis takes its name from the Roman goddess of dawn, Aurora, and the Greek name for the North wind, Boreas. From September to April, Iceland is a hotspot for this magnificent lightshow. The Aurora Borealis, more commonly referred to as the Northern Lights is a natural phenomenon created when particles emitted by the sun interact with the atmosphere in the Earth's magnetic field. This release energy, causing peculiar luminous streaks across the skies.

Third writing:
When making a trip to Iceland, it is hard not to pay special attention to the country's namesake—namely, its 4,500 square miles of glacier. Ice climbing on the glaciers is practiced year-round and takes place mainly on the Sólheimajökull and Svínafellsjökull glaciers in the south of Iceland, to which day trips are offered from Reykjavík (and Skaftafell).

Fourth writing:
Norse Mythology published as divination cards
      &emsp;&emsp;Llewellyn Publications will be publishing 81-card divination deck bringing the wisdom of Norse mythology to life.

Fifth writing:
Hollywood Reporter and Screen Daily give Icelandic director Elfar Aoalsteinsson great reviews
      &emsp;&emsp;End of Sentence, by director Elfar Aoalsteins, receives very positive reviews in leading film industry magazines such as Hollywood. The film's two 
      &emsp;&emsp;leading actors, John Hawkes and Logan Lerman, are also praised in both reviews. Hawkes has quite a few films under his belt and was nominated 
      &emsp;&emsp;for an Oscar for Winter's Bones and young Lerman is also known for his role in The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Icelandic actor Olafur Darri 
      &emsp;&emsp;Olafsson also has a small part in End of Sentence.

hiking.html

First writing:
Glacier Experience is a small group experience that offers an easy glacier hike on Sólheimajökull glacier with an experienced glacier guide and is available all year around. The tour offers a pick-up from Reykjavík or a meet on location at Sólheimajökull glacier. Add even more adventure to your stay in Iceland and come explore more......

Second writing:
Glacier Experience is a small group experience that offers an easy glacier hike on Sólheimajökull glacier with an experienced glacier guide and is available all year around. The tour offers a pick-up from Reykjavík or a meet on location at Sólheimajökull glacier. Add even more adventure to your stay in Iceland and come explore

Third writing:
Sólheimajökull glacies is an outlet from the mighty Mÿrdalsjökull and is surrounded by some of Iceland's most grand volcanoes and during Summertime, a glacier lagoon forms in front of the glacier only adding to the charm of the location. This popular day tour is the perfect way to get in real contact with the true reason behind the name Ice-land!

northernLights.html

First writing:
THE OTHER WORLDLY AURORA borealis, or northern lights, begin high in the Earth's atmosphere—at altitudes from 60 to more than 250 miles—when charged particles from the sun become trapped in the Earth's magnetic field. The result is a colorful, dancing light show.

Second writing:
THE OTHER WORLDY AURORA</i> borealis, or northern lights, begin high in the Earth's atmosphere—at altitudes from 60 to more than 250 miles—when charged particles from the sun become trapped in the Earth's magnetic field. The result is a colorful, dancing light show.

Third writing:
The first time I filmed an aurora was from an icebreaker near Antarctica. Luckily, there are much more accessible place if you'd like to take in these light show yourself. For the best seats to this celestial scene, conside anywhere with a magnetic latitude above 55° and low pollution. Find your magnetic latitude on NOAA and <a href="https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/calculators/magcalc.shtml">here</a>

Fourth Writing:
In the polar latitudes, auroras can appear on any dark nights. Long winter nights are good but not necessarily the best time. Near equinoxes in March and September, the Earth's magnetic field lets more solar particles interact with the atmosphere, creating aurora seasons! I suggest autumnal equinox in September, when there are pleasant tempreatures in solar latitudes. Find the dark hours of your location here, or by using a sky guide app.
